Shanshan missed him on the first day she left
Is the cooking fun for the lady?
Madam Chunyu is here
Say Cao Cao Cao is here
Shanshan, why are you here?
Why don't you go in?
Chunyu is no longer a person of the Protector's Mansion
The inconvenience is over-disturbing
What are you talking about?
The doors of the Protector's Mansion will always be open for you
The third day of next month
Please come over and have a drink.
Wow, you and the dragon lord have finally become
Well, I guess I did a good thing, too
Spring Rain is grateful for everything her wife has done
Also respect the wife's love and righteousness
Madam, if necessary in the future
Spring Rain will definitely help
It's a deal.
Hey, hey!
Autumn moon